Yiddish diesel injector cleaner
professional product being
means very pronounced
cleaning properties apply
professional service
professional service stations for
cleaning diesel fuel systems
engines
additive removes by depositing injectors
in the combustion chamber and on the pistons
raises the cetane number of diesel
only provides very sure
engine start and optimum
spraying out the fuel accordingly
creating high-quality air-fuel
mixture due to which increases due to
this increase engine power
reduced waste toxicity
of gases
additive cleans the entire fuel system
protects against corrosion improves the process
combustion reduces exhaust emissions
increases the throttle response of the engine and
recall it on the driver's actions pressed
gas additive is approved by bmg
for use in diesel engines
BMW as original product
recommended for diesel propulsion
mitsubishi engines
very diverse application of this
additives she can have three options
the first option is actually disabled
fuel feed and return wire under
the car tank goes down inside this
Bank engine starts on the contents
and working for a while is enough for
cleaning in order to work out
For example, a standard view
and work no more than half an hour second
option this composition is additive
used in cleaning machines
diesel fuel systems
professional apparatus for steel
news stations
the third option is a cleaner you can
add directly to the fuel
diesel tank
car then these 500
milliliters calculated
a maximum of 75 liters of fuel gives a very
good preventive effect